#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/dev.in
#
absl-py==1.0.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
atomicwrites==1.4.0
    # via pytest
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   nbconvert
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
blis==0.7.7
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
bokeh==2.4.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
cachetools==5.0.0
    # via google-auth
catalogue==2.0.7
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.1.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   nltk
    #   typer
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
cymem==2.0.6
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
debugpy==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
executing==0.8.3
    # via stack-data
flask==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
flatbuffers==2.0
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.31.2
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.5.3
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.6.2
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.44.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.6.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==3.3
    # via requests
imageio==2.16.1
    # via scikit-image
importlib-metadata==4.11.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   markdown
importlib-resources==5.6.0
    # via jsonschema
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.10.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==7.7.0
    # via jupyter
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   flask
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   spacy
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.4.0
    # via nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
jupyter-client==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   jupyter
jupyter-core==4.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.0
    # via ipywidgets
keras==2.8.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.2
    # via matplotlib
langcodes==3.3.0
    # via spacy
libclang==13.0.0
    # via tensorflow
lime==0.2.0.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
llvmlite==0.38.0
    # via
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
markdown==3.3.6
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   lime
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
murmurhash==1.0.6
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
nbclient==0.5.13
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.4.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
networkx==2.7.1
    # via scikit-image
nltk==3.7
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
notebook==6.4.10
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   widgetsnbextension
numba==0.55.1
    # via
    #   pynndescent
    #   umap-learn
numpy==1.21.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   blis
    #   bokeh
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   lime
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   spacy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   thinc
    #   tifffile
    #   umap-learn
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   qtpy
    #   scikit-image
    #   spacy
pandas==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathy==0.6.1
    # via spacy
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   bokeh
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
preshed==3.0.6
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
prometheus-client==0.13.1
    # via notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.28
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==3.19.4
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
psutil==5.9.0
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.8.2
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pygments==2.11.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pynndescent==0.5.6
    # via umap-learn
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyphen==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.1.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2022.1
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.3.0
    # via scikit-image
pywin32==303
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.5
    # via terminado
pyyaml==6.0
    # via bokeh
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.3.0
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.0.1
    # via qtconsole
regex==2022.3.15
    # via nltk
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   spacy
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
scikit-image==0.19.2
    # via lime
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   lime
    #   pynndescent
    #   umap-learn
scipy==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   lime
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   umap-learn
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
smart-open==5.2.1
    # via pathy
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
spacy-legacy==3.0.9
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.1
    # via spacy
srsly==2.4.2
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
stack-data==0.2.0
    # via ipython
tensorboard==2.8.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.24.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via tensorflow
terminado==0.13.3
    # via notebook
testpath==0.6.0
    # via nbconvert
tf-estimator-nightly==2.8.0.dev2021122109
    # via tensorflow
thinc==8.0.15
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2022.3.25
    # via scikit-image
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.63.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   lime
    #   nltk
    #   spacy
    #   umap-learn
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typer==0.4.0
    # via
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   pydantic
    #   tensorflow
umap-learn==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via requests
wasabi==0.9.0
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-loggers
    #   thinc
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
werkzeug==2.1.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==3.6.0
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.14.0
    # via tensorflow
zipp==3.7.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
